STANDUP 01 - 2/10/2023 

TEAM BWH-Particle

Planning Document: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mHEs8gv-ADtVrYHWGckRNB7J6eDTZYL3_ynzVB0A74s/edit?usp=sharing


General Update and Intro:
	Team Leaders: Gabriel Vivas
	Created Github repo: https://github.com/ThaoLai19/BWH2-Particle-Systems
	Have all team members' schedule -> Decide to meet after class


Draft of Requirements
	Use a particle system to simulate flow through blood vessels
		Get a 2D vessel -> Generate 2D distance field
		Develop 2D particle system interact with distance field
		Create a user interface allows users drop particles to any point in vessel
	Technologies: still discussing
		WebGL, JavaScript
		Front-end: HTML/JS/CSS
		Back-end: Python


Current Questions / Problems / Something you need
How do we get data for the project?
Who is target client? (anybody, medical worker...)
Is data from regular people or people with disease related to blood?
what type of vessel you want to simulate (e.g. arterial, venous, capillary),
and decide on the type of simulation you want to create (e.g. computational fluid dynamics, mathematical modeling).
Are we trying to detect any anomalies in blood? Mainly what is the use case of this model?


Do we need to make/use a preexisting image processing component so as to take in images of real blood vessels, before turning them into environments for the simulation?
If so, could we get examples of these images that we would need to process?

What are the parts of a blood vessel that we should know about and keep in mind when designing our simulation?
Are vessel walls and vessel centerlines the only elements of a blood vessel that affect the simulation, or are bifurcation points relevant to the simulation in some way as well?
If the vessel centerlines are relevant to the simulations, then how are they calculated?
What does it means the particle "die when they exit the vessel"? Like the particle will disappear when they're out of the screen?

How do particles travel through blood vessels?
Do particles only flow one way, or both ways in a blood vessel?
Are there any obstacles in the blood vessels besides the vessel walls? If so, what are they?
What will we expect the particle react if they get stuck by something?
